TELCODOCS-806-1 PR for setting interface sysctl with SR-IOV (#49871)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-sriov-interface-level-sysctl-bonded.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/hardware_networks/configuring-interface-sysctl-sriov-device.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nw-configure-sysctl-flag-bonded_{context}"]

> = Configure sysctls for pods associated with bonded SR-IOV interface flag

Reviewer: ISG: Use gerunds:
```suggestion
= Configure sysctl settings for pods associated with a bonded SR-IOV interface flag
```

Author: done

> As a cluster administrator, you can set interface-level network sysctls for a pod connected to a bonded SR-IOV network device .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set interface-level network `sysctl` settings for a pod connected to a bonded SR-IOV network device.
```

Author: done

> In this example the specific network interface-level sysctls that can be configured are set on the bonded interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the specific network interface-level `sysctl` settings that can be configured are set on the bonded interface. 
```

Author: done
